readme.md, before:

# PI Boot + Gulp

Front-end framework using Gulp to tie everything together.


### To install:

Requires Node and a global install of Gulp.

Navigate to project and run:

    npm install

This will install the node packages. Then run gulp as normal:

    gulp [task name here]

If you run `gulp` without any tasks specified, it will run the default task.


### Gulp tasks:

|Task Name|Description|
|:--------|:----------|
| default | Builds all sass and js, then kicks off `watch` process |
| sass | compiles sass and autoprefixes for browser support |
| sass-build | compiles sass, autoprefixes, and minifies |
| concat | fires off vendor-concat and  |
| vendor-concat | specifies a list of javascript files to load, preserves order |
| js-concat | specifies a list of custom javascript files to load, preserves order |
| static | moves all static assets to `assets/build` and updates them if there are changes |
| vendor-fonts | specifies a list of all vendor fonts to move to `assets/build/fonts`, this allows third-party files to stay together |
| build | outputs compressed and minified versions of sass and js, used for push hook |
| watch | will watch for any changes in custom files and regenerate on update |


### Basic Structure

All front-end assets are contained within the `/assets/` folder.

There are three subfolders:

- `/assets/build/` - contains all generated assets, sourcing should happen in this folder.
- `/assets/source/` - contains all source files for generated assets, all work should happen in this folder
- `/assets/static/` - contains all non-processed assets (images, fonts, etc)--things you don't want smushed together.

The `source` folder, where all the work happens, is also split into three subfolders

- `/assets/source/js` - all custom javascript.
- `/assets/source/sass` - all custom SASS styles.
- `/assets/source/vendor` - all third-party js, css, and sass.


### Installing new plugins

To install a new plugin into the project, download files and place them in `/assets/source/vendor/`.

**For js files:**

- Update the `vendor-concat` task in `gulpfile.js` to include the new plugin.

**For css/scss files:**

- Make sure they have the `.scss` file extension 
- Include in `/assets/source/vendor/__vendor.scss`

### Installing new fonts

There are two ways to introduce new fonts into the framework:

**Standalone:**

Place the font files in `/assets/static/fonts/`. The `static` task will copy these to `/assets/build/fonts/` and can be sourced from the css as `../fonts/fontname.otf`, etc

**Vendor:**

If the fonts are included in another package (like Bootstrap) you can leave them inside their package and source them in the `vendor-fonts` task in the `gulpfile.js`

This will grab all the fonts you specify and move them into the same location as the other fonts (`/assets/build/fonts`) for sourcing.

Commit message:

updated readme with node dependency notes

readme.md, after:

# PI Boot + Gulp

Front-end framework using Gulp to tie everything together.

### Dependencies:

- Node 4.2.1

**(For Node 0.12 and lower, replace the `package.json` with [the older version](https://gist.github.com/nathanlong/1bcd85a4511c25d49f15) to ensure compatibility.)**

### To install:

Requires Node and a global install of Gulp.

Navigate to project and run:

    npm install

This will install the node packages. Then run gulp as normal:

    gulp [task name here]

If you run `gulp` without any tasks specified, it will run the default task.


### Gulp tasks:

|Task Name|Description|
|:--------|:----------|
| default | Builds all sass and js, then kicks off `watch` process |
| sass | compiles sass and autoprefixes for browser support |
| sass-build | compiles sass, autoprefixes, and minifies |
| concat | fires off vendor-concat and  |
| vendor-concat | specifies a list of javascript files to load, preserves order |
| js-concat | specifies a list of custom javascript files to load, preserves order |
| static | moves all static assets to `assets/build` and updates them if there are changes |
| vendor-fonts | specifies a list of all vendor fonts to move to `assets/build/fonts`, this allows third-party files to stay together |
| build | outputs compressed and minified versions of sass and js, used for push hook |
| watch | will watch for any changes in custom files and regenerate on update |


### Basic Structure

All front-end assets are contained within the `/assets/` folder.

There are three subfolders:

- `/assets/build/` - contains all generated assets, sourcing should happen in this folder.
- `/assets/source/` - contains all source files for generated assets, all work should happen in this folder
- `/assets/static/` - contains all non-processed assets (images, fonts, etc)--things you don't want smushed together.

The `source` folder, where all the work happens, is also split into three subfolders

- `/assets/source/js` - all custom javascript.
- `/assets/source/sass` - all custom SASS styles.
- `/assets/source/vendor` - all third-party js, css, and sass.


### Installing new plugins

To install a new plugin into the project, download files and place them in `/assets/source/vendor/`.

**For js files:**

- Update the `vendor-concat` task in `gulpfile.js` to include the new plugin.

**For css/scss files:**

- Make sure they have the `.scss` file extension 
- Include in `/assets/source/vendor/__vendor.scss`

### Installing new fonts

There are two ways to introduce new fonts into the framework:

**Standalone:**

Place the font files in `/assets/static/fonts/`. The `static` task will copy these to `/assets/build/fonts/` and can be sourced from the css as `../fonts/fontname.otf`, etc

**Vendor:**

If the fonts are included in another package (like Bootstrap) you can leave them inside their package and source them in the `vendor-fonts` task in the `gulpfile.js`

This will grab all the fonts you specify and move them into the same location as the other fonts (`/assets/build/fonts`) for sourcing.
